Add Audit Log documentation for Prefect Cloud (#7404)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/ui/cloud.md

    - [Service accounts](/ui/service-accounts/) &mdash; configure API access for running agents or executing flow runs on remote infrastructure.
    - [Custom role-based access controls (RBAC)](/ui/roles/) &mdash; assign users granular permissions to perform certain activities within an organization or a workspace.
    - [Single Sign-on (SSO)](/ui/sso/) authentication using your identity provider.

>     - [Audit Log](/ui/audit-log/) record of user activities for for security and compliance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Audit Log](/ui/audit-log/) record of user activities to monitor security and compliance.
```

Prefect Cloud's [Organization and Enterprise plans](https://www.prefect.io/pricing) offer [single sign-on (SSO)](/ui/sso/) authentication integration with your team’s identity provider. SSO integration can bet set up with identity providers that support OIDC and SAML.

## Audit Log <span class="badge orgs"></span> <span class="badge enterprise"></span>

> Prefect Cloud's [Organization and Enterprise plans](https://www.prefect.io/pricing) offer [Audit Log](/ui/audit-log/) compliance and transparency functionality. Audit logs provide a chronological record of activities performed by users in your organization, allowing you to monitor detailed actions for security and compliance purposes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefect Cloud's [Organization and Enterprise plans](https://www.prefect.io/pricing) offer [Audit Log](/ui/audit-log/) compliance and transparency tools. Audit logs provide a chronological record of activities performed by users in your organization, allowing you to monitor detailed actions for security and compliance purposes. 
```
